The End
In the late 300s, when the Tokugawa period was nearing its end,
the most delicious time was the time when even fruits were a little rotten.
It was the time when the Edo period was cut off.
A man named Ushimatsu, who was a cook,
who had been working in the house of the head of the Kochi-yama family,
was working as a friend of the Yakuza.
He was working at the place of the Edo period,
where the Edo period was cut off,
and he ran away with his hand in his pocket.
At that time, there was a gai-sha called Kohan in the Yagura-sutani-fukagawa.
In the stomach of Kohan, there was already a child.
He left his child in the Edo period and went on a journey from Ushimatsu to China.
It was his third year, and he finally became a friend of Kohan
and was invited to the Asakusa Shodancho.
He had three children already, and he lived with his parents.
He had a hard life for the luxury of his mother.
He was more skilled than Ushimatsu,
and he was a cook with a small family.
He rented a tea shop in Agesen.
He wore a flashy kimono and stood on the steps of his mother.
He was a friend of his husband.
Welcome.
Have a good night.
Please come in.
Hey, Kohan!
Well, it's rare.
It's a good morning.
It's not a good morning.
You're terrible.
You made me fall in love with you,
but you went away without saying anything.
Are you still living with that Ushimatsu?
He's with his mother now.
He's at the flower shop called Onmya in Shodancho.
Please come tomorrow.
Really?
Are you sure you two are going?
Okay, then I'll come tomorrow.
Don't say tomorrow.
Come today.
No, I have a friend today,
so I have to go with him.
I'm sure his friend is waiting for you on Okata Island.
You're a traitor!
Don't be cold.
You'll get it later.
I'm in a hurry today.
This is for you.
This is for your mother.
Thank you.
Please come tomorrow.
I'm waiting for you.
I promised you, and I'm going.
Kohan's mother heard this.
Come and see, Sajiura.
I'll make you pay for it.
I'm waiting for you.